all right folks it's made to for a
weekend that would be Victoria Day
weekend for anybody who doesn't live in
ontario but in ontario we sell beer by
the 24 pack bottles awesome thus may
tool for a weekend and we were out doing
some hammock camping i'm going to show
you guys how to do a prusik knot to put
your tarp up it's probably the most
badass not out there next to maybe the
news because that one you know the news
does so alright so they could be string
I already got my ridgeline up just
strung that between two trees tighten it
off and then ideally you want a piece of
cord that's smaller than your Ridgeline
it'll bite better so take your cord and
make what is called a prusik loop to
start with or I believe it's also a
necklace not so all you're doing is
basically tying two little knots first
one goes like that so you just made a
loop with your regular overhand knot and
take the other pieces or the rest of the
cord run it through
alright here's the other not tighten
them off now these two knots when you
pull on the tags you can move them in
towards each other make the loop bigger
you grab the right side or make the loop
smaller okay I'm just going to leave it
big right now all nice and tight on each
other I'm just going to burn through
this so that
alright
that cool for a second all right you got
your preso gloop I'm going to take it to
your ridge line you're going to go
around the ridge line three times with
it and keep the knot in the middle so
you go one two three pull it down keep
the knot in the middle pull it down like
this so you should have something that
looks exactly like that if you've done
it right so you got one two three humps
one two three humps big smile in the
center pull it nice and tight give them
a little squished together all right now
once that's on your ridge line hold it
by the knot at the top you can easily
slide it back and forth the ridge line
as soon as you apply any pressure to one
end it won't go anywhere as I think the
end that where I want my tarp tied off
slide the prusik loop down I like to use
toggle so it's really easy to get it on
and off up and through just grab a piece
of wood off the ground and then pull on
it nice and tight there you go tarps up
pull it over stake it down you're ready
to drink some beer and chill out no muss
no fuss if n during the night it slips
around slides on you real easy just give
it a Yank it will go right back into
place so that is the prusik loop and
press it not so having me 24 will catch
you on the trail
remember you can leave these nuts
already tied on your Ridgeline after
you've done it the first time every time
you come out you just pull your ridge
line note zap it up move them to where
you want them for your tarp tarp sup in
less than five minutes have a good
weekend guys take it easy